Minor typo in test_strategies.rst (#72060)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/reference_appendices/test_strategies.rst

existing system, using the `--check` flag to the `ansible` command will report if Ansible thinks it would have had to have made any changes to
bring the system into a desired state.

> This can let you know upfront if there is any need to deploy onto the given system.  Ordinarily, scripts and commands don't run in check mode, so if you

Reviewer: Please remove the upfront change. The original `up front` is correct.  See https://grammarist.com/usage/upfront-up-front/.

Author: Hm, it still reads weird, but I am not a native speaker, so I will follow your judgement. :)
Thanks for your review.

Author: Ok, I see the adjective/adverb difference. TIL :)

> This can let you know upfront if there is any need to deploy onto the given system.  Ordinarily, scripts and commands don't run in check mode, so if you

Author: ```suggestion
This can let you know up front if there is any need to deploy onto the given system.  Ordinarily, scripts and commands don't run in check mode, so if you
```
